Casmuser-3291 for 2.7.1 (#68)
Cray-HPE/docs-uan: docs/portal/developer-portal/install/Install_the_UAN_Product_Stream.md

### RPMs

UAN provides third-party RPMs used on UAN nodes. The RPMs are uploaded to Nexus as part of the installation process.

The following Nexus raw repositories are created:

- uan-2.7.XX-sle-15sp4
- uan-2.7.XX-sle-15sp3

> The following Nexus group repository is created and reference the preceding Nexus raw repos.

Author: ```suggestion
The following Nexus group repositories are created and reference the preceding Nexus raw repos.
```
